First of, Good Morning.

Student Name, Luis Moyano.
Student ID, 101064606.

Include, math library : -lm when compiling

List of files :
cipher1.c
cipher2.c
cipher3.c
cipher.c
decipher.c

The first three files go perfectly.
You will notice something weird about the fourth,
I had not realised that the we were tasked to work on a character array holding a bit sequence.
I had been working with an integer array all this time, and up until in the specification of question 5 I read something about chars and bits
I took it upon myself to change the output a bit.
I honesty don't quite understand the instructions very well and have little idea of what I'm supposed to do or how to do it.
So I did it how it made sense, and in question 4 you will notice 3 different outputs :
the first one is the same as the outputs in all the other cipher files, where the array holding the encoded binary sequence as integers is printed out
the second output comes from a function that loops through this array and uses sprintf to convert them all into one single string.
      Regarding on this string, notice that every sequence of bytes starts with a 0b.
      I tried it all, even though the sequence of 1s and 0s is proper, and even though it starts with a 0b,
      I still cannot get it to output its corresponding ASCII code with %c;
      not its corresponding ASCII number with %d.
      But I left it in the result cause I got confused in the end regarding the format the professor wanted the result to be in.
Finally, the third result prints what I originally had for this function and what I think is what Mr. Lanthier wanted.
I.E.: the sequence of bits corresponding to the random encoding + a bunch of -1 all the way up AND including 100.

As for the decipher.
The random ciphering is inside the code, it occurs after you run the program and type whatever.
Then the deciphering occurs
All the deciphering code was done separately, assuming there was no knowledge of the ciphering.
It is all in th ecomments
enjoy

Luis 
